and if the success achieved in the
last minute against monaco with
completely revived the Olympic
marseille in the race to the League of
champions traveling to Lille l'om
must imperatively prevail against a
team that she has nothing left to play
by the way rené Girard felt that this
match was not I quote a friendly
these players will try to get a
sixth consecutive home success
but it is the people of Marseille who
take the meeting by the good end
3rd minute of play on a shot
far from payet nor to my regrowth on
gignac who followed score opener
early for om the losc is the only
league club 1 against which gignac
had never marked gignac is by
elsewhere the first Marseille to
reach 20 goals in league 1 since
20 years is uncertain
alen boksic a Lille reaction to the
13th minute of play on a hit corner
by rudy lopes stone rises higher
that everyone and place a head
powerful mandanda is beaten but can
rely on Roman alessandrini the om se
shows success in the 26th minute of
game corner hit by dimitri payet rod
fanni place a helmet hit enyama do not
can do nothing
2 0 for the om it's the team that has
scored the most goals of the header this
season in league 1 already 19 and that's the
third in europe behind atletico
and the real madrid
in passing we will mention the 16th pass
decisive of dimitri payet on this corner
the om is therefore doing for the moment the
good operation of this 37th day
but we must remain vigilant as here at
the 47th minute of play with steve mandanda
which will be decisive with
this parade as handballers of
Friday lopes because the international
Portuguese was a few meters this
world adjust mandanda marcelo bielsa
gets angry but he nevertheless finds a
good reason to smile in the 70th minute
two pass play alessandrini himself
found isolated face enyeama and wears the
score at 3 0 two very beautiful because
be it from dimitri payet or that
andré ayew
scorer and decisive passer the week
last alessandrini confirms his good
moment of form by scoring for the
third time of the season we find
the olympique de marseille who had impressed
league 1 during the first part of
season like here in the 77th minute of play
a fast counter gianelli imbula finds
andré ayew who gets rid of corchia and
manages to sting with a lot of
master this ball ninth goal in league
1 it's the sixth out of the last ten
days for Ghanaian andré ayew
born in Lille to perhaps marked one of
his last goals for the om
him that one announces on the departure it is
the fourth success outside of
the om on the last six matches that
remain fourth at two points from
monaco 3rd for the last day the om
will receive bastia in a thrilling match
as for Lille, he remains in 8th place
and say goodbye to europe
it's their worst season since
2006 2007